README.md, before:

# Udemy's Modern React with Redux 2019

This repo contains coding exercises that were created when I followed [Udemy's Modern React with Redux 2019](https://www.udemy.com/react-redux/learn/v4) video courses, authored by [Stephen Grider](https://github.com/stephengrider).

## Coding Exercises

- [jsx](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/jsx) - Demonstrate how to render HTML tags by using `JSX` markups, within main App function-based component. Takeaways:

  - jsx (`div`, `label`, `input`, `button`, custom tag of a component).

  - function-based component.

- [components](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/components) - Demonstrate how to display a list of objects in a list of components, by using ES6's `map` array method, `jsx`, splitted the list item component into multiple components and styled by using [semantic-ui](https://semantic-ui.com)'s stylings. Takeaways:

  - ES6 `Array.map` method to map list of data as a list of JSX components.

  - Component slicing & compositing.

  - Semantic-ui stylings: `card`, `container`, `comments`,`avatar`, `comment`, `header`, `content`, `metadata`.

  - `props.children` - render child component , passed in as props.

  - Generate various kind of fake data by using [faker](https://www.npmjs.com/package/faker) library.

- [pics](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/pics) - Demonstrate how to call 3rd party API by using [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) library and display the call's result list as a CSS grid-styled list component. Takeaways:

  - Make API Call request through using [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) library.

  - Eliminating redundant code which setup API Request call's common parameters through creating a custom [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) instance.

  - Passing down data/state from Parent component to direct children components through `props` system.

  - Propagate data/state (e.g. User's inputs) from children component to its direct Parent component through passing down parent component's Callback method via `props` system.

  - Prevent `form`'s submission from doing actual postback by calling form event arg's `preventDefault` method.

  - Semantic-ui stylings: `segment`, `form`, `field`, `iamge-list`.

  - Manipulating DOM tag in runtime by using `Ref` system.

  - Grid layout styling by using `CSS-Grid`.

  - Create `.css` file for a particular Component and how to import the `.css` file within the Component's file.

- [seasons](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/seasons) - Demonstrate how to perform data initialisation on a Component by placing the initialisation inside component's `componentDidMount` lifecycle method. Takeaways:

  - `componentDidMount` component lifecycle method that is called once time after a component is attached on page. A perfect place to made one-time data initialisation.

  - Get user's current position through calling `GeoLocation's getCurrentPosition` API (`window.navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPosition` method).

  - CSS stylings: Center element by using `display: flex`, `justify-content` & `align-items` set to `center`. 

  - Semantic UI stylings: Create loading progress spinner by using `active dimmer` , `big text loader`. Creating big icon by using `massive <icon's name> icon`.

  - Set default value on a component's props, through declaring static field `defaultProps`.

- [songs](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/songs) - Demonstrate how to centralised application's states by using [redux]() & [react-redux]() libraries, in a `Reactjs` application. Takeaways:

  - Centralised application's states on `reducer` functions.

  - Giving abilities to get or manipulate centralised states through invoking `action creator` functions.

  - Connecting ReactJS components to `Redux`'s `action creators` or centralised states through using `react-redux`'s `<Provider>` component & `connect` function.

  - Creating the centralised state's store through using `redux`'s `createStore` method and linked the store to `react-redux`'s `<Provider>` component which wraps the top component in hierarchy (e.g. `App` component).

  - Semantic-UI stylings: grid layout using `grid`, `column`; list item container using `divided list`; item : `item`, right-hand side positioning: `right floated`

- [blog](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/blog) - Demonstrat how to make API Call request within `action creator` in correct way, through using [redux-thunk](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux-thunk), a `redux`'s middleware. Takeaways:

  - Using online Fake API, provided by [JSON Placeholder](http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com), for demonstrating making API Call requests.
  
  - Applying `redux`'s middleware through calling `applyMiddleware` method and pass in the return to `createStore`'s argument.
  
  - Understand correct ways to perform asynchronous calls inside `action creator` with the help of [redux-thunk](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux-thunk) middleware.
  
  - Understand ways to prevent multiple calls being made against an async method, with same name & arguments, in an `action creator`. One fine way to do this is through chaining calls to [lodash](https://www.npmjs.com/package/lodash) methods (`chain`, `map`, `uniq`, `forEach`, `value`).

- [videos](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/videos) - __TODO: Add info__

- [streams](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/streams) - __TODO: Add info__

- [translate](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/translate) - __TODO: Add info__

- [hooks-simple](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/hooks-simple) - __TODO: Add info__

- [hooks-seasons](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/hooks-seasons) - __TODO: Add info__

Commit message:

Added takeaways for video & Streams projects

README.md, after:

# Udemy's Modern React with Redux 2019

This repo contains coding exercises that were created when I followed [Udemy's Modern React with Redux 2019](https://www.udemy.com/react-redux/learn/v4) video courses, authored by [Stephen Grider](https://github.com/stephengrider).

## Coding Exercises

- [jsx](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/jsx) - Demonstrate how to render HTML tags by using `JSX` markups, within main App function-based component. Takeaways:

  - jsx (`div`, `label`, `input`, `button`, custom tag of a component).

  - function-based component.

- [components](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/components) - Demonstrate how to display a list of objects in a list of components, by using ES6's `map` array method, `jsx`, splitted the list item component into multiple components and styled by using [semantic-ui](https://semantic-ui.com)'s stylings. Takeaways:

  - ES6 `Array.map` method to map list of data as a list of JSX components.

  - Component slicing & compositing.

  - Semantic-ui stylings: `card`, `container`, `comments`,`avatar`, `comment`, `header`, `content`, `metadata`.

  - `props.children` - render child component , passed in as props.

  - Generate various kind of fake data by using [faker](https://www.npmjs.com/package/faker) library.

- [pics](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/pics) & [videos](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/videos) - Demonstrate how to call 3rd party API by using [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) library and display the call's result list as a CSS grid-styled list component. Takeaways:

  - Make API Call request through using [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) library.

  - Eliminating redundant code which setup API Request call's common parameters through creating a custom [axios](https://github.com/axios/axios) instance.

  - Passing down data/state from Parent component to direct children components through `props` system.

  - Propagate data/state (e.g. User's inputs) from children component to its direct Parent component through passing down parent component's Callback method via `props` system.

  - Prevent `form`'s submission from doing actual postback by calling form event arg's `preventDefault` method.

  - Semantic-ui stylings: `segment`, `form`, `field`, `iamge-list`.

  - Manipulating DOM tag in runtime by using `Ref` system.

  - Grid layout styling by using `CSS-Grid`.

  - Create `.css` file for a particular Component and how to import the `.css` file within the Component's file.

- [seasons](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/seasons) - Demonstrate how to perform data initialisation on a Component by placing the initialisation inside component's `componentDidMount` lifecycle method. Takeaways:

  - `componentDidMount` component lifecycle method that is called once time after a component is attached on page. A perfect place to made one-time data initialisation.

  - Get user's current position through calling `GeoLocation's getCurrentPosition` API (`window.navigator.geolocation.getCurrentPosition` method).

  - CSS stylings: Center element by using `display: flex`, `justify-content` & `align-items` set to `center`. 

  - Semantic UI stylings: Create loading progress spinner by using `active dimmer` , `big text loader`. Creating big icon by using `massive <icon's name> icon`.

  - Set default value on a component's props, through declaring static field `defaultProps`.

- [songs](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/songs) - Demonstrate how to centralised application's states by using [redux](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux) & [react-redux](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-redux) libraries, in a `Reactjs` application. Takeaways:

  - Centralised application's states on `reducer` functions.

  - Giving abilities to get or manipulate centralised states through invoking `action creator` functions.

  - Connecting ReactJS components to `Redux`'s `action creators` or centralised states through using `react-redux`'s `<Provider>` component & `connect` function.

  - Creating the centralised state's store through using `redux`'s `createStore` method and linked the store to `react-redux`'s `<Provider>` component which wraps the top component in hierarchy (e.g. `App` component).

  - Semantic-UI stylings: grid layout using `grid`, `column`; list item container using `divided list`; item : `item`, right-hand side positioning: `right floated`

- [blog](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/blog) - Demonstrat how to make API Call request within `action creator` in correct way, through using [redux-thunk](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux-thunk), a `redux`'s middleware. Takeaways:

  - Using online Fake API, provided by [JSON Placeholder](http://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com), for  demonstration of making API Call requests.
  
  - Applying `redux`'s middleware through calling `applyMiddleware` method and pass in the return to `createStore`'s argument.
  
  - Understand correct ways to perform asynchronous calls inside `action creator` with the help of [redux-thunk](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux-thunk) middleware.
  
  - Understand ways to prevent multiple calls being made against an async method, with same name & arguments, in an `action creator`. One fine way to do this is through chaining calls to [lodash](https://www.npmjs.com/package/lodash) methods (`chain`, `map`, `uniq`, `forEach`, `value`).

- [streams](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/streams) Demonstrate Reactjs with Redux application which does CRUD features which follows RESTful conventions. Takeaways:

  - View/Page component's navigation by applying page routing, through using [react-router-dom](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-router-dom) library.
  
  - Building form whose fields's values & validation are connected to `redux`, by using [redux-form](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux-form) library.

  - Create Modal dialog component through using `React.Portal` system and styled using `Semantic-ui`'s modal stylings.

  - Semantic UI stylings - Modals: `dimmer modals visible active`, `standard modal visible active`, `header`, `content`, `action`.
  
  - Client side authentication by using `Google OAuth2` & `Google API` and store the Auth info into `Redux` store.
  
  - Treat a list of pulled data as an object with a number of properties, in its `reducer` and know ways of how to update its state within the `reducer` by using `Key Interpolation Index` & [lodash](https://www.npmjs.com/package/lodash)'s `mapKeys` & `omit` methods.
  
  - Map the state object with number of properties back to list by using `Object.values` method.
  
  - Build streaming video component by using [flv.js](https://github.com/Bilibili/flv.js/) & `Ref` system.
  
  - Create fake API server by using [json-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/json-server).
  
  - Create video media server (`RTMP`) by using [node-media-server](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-media-server).
  
  - Host video streaming by using [OBS](https://obsproject.com/) software.

- [translate](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/translate) - __TODO: Add info__

- [hooks-simple](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/hooks-simple) - __TODO: Add info__

- [hooks-seasons](https://github.com/WendySanarwanto/udemy-modern-react-with-redux-2019/tree/master/hooks-seasons) - __TODO: Add info__
